About pdm:
the crucial part of pdm is the design of structure for the data (efficieny, CRUD, connectivity of data, etc.)
even an AI platform of assitant to the documents of whole company is crucial.
Besides, the secruity of data needs to be considered too, a robust file system and disk management matters.
Second:
About the codes of standard instruments and tools:
for example:Fiber -xxxGBase-mRy.z
it's the consensus of the critical parameters about this physical process and tool performance.
The crucial part of language is the projection of characters to the real world object or the abstract geometry action according to the time and casuality between objects. Not just be ruled by words, but master words.

You should be responsible for ur words and ur behaviour in this world as a huamn. 
The critical and hardest math techniques are the recognition of the right 
pattern(in many wrong errs, try the right direction,exclude the most errs,
using whether the induction method or the classified discussion.

Phonetic is the control of ur vibration through mouth 

# Management:(The Crucial Part)
Different Department, Different Project, the scientific procss including the pdm plm mes erp bom etc.
Every oral communication of vital info should launch a written project.
The management also includes the evaluation and promotion system.
The evaluation of the institute of High Energy Physics relies on the head of little buddy, which is a very good method.
A card of Work Identification is needed considering two people communicating hard to remember the name of each other.
What's more, communication between datebase and devices and people should be considered about efficiency and security as well as the speed and dimensional. The record and application as well as the communicaiton documentation data type 
should be well-organized.
The training of the freshmen also matters in an entrepreneur development.

The use of man and thing, from the essence, are the same, but u hack a man, u need to dig out his brain, what's in his 
head, what's his desire.
The social network of academy.

According to a man's experience and behaviour, u can judge what they have experienced and been taught.
能够严肃地扮演角色，却不被角色绑架；能随时退后一步，看见那个正在扮演的自己，并对其报以微笑。
A man should control his mind link.
