I don't care the sorrow of bad man, I cannot behave myself well yet.

Given the purpose, you should take out the production.

The human brain consists of five parts:
1.First-order logic, set theory and its relation.
2.language
3.the timeline analysis of geometry
4.quantity
5.beneficial or harmful info-when things don't go as a man's expect, then emotions arise.(all emotions come from 
expectation)
6.abstraction
7.memory.
Brain function just so so, but only the rules that cannot be defeated by the reality and experiment stand.People also 
invent a lot of jargons to support and memorize these things for efficient communication between pros.The undefeated 
theory that stands we cherish and flow as time.People also follow its think trajectory, which we call the unsolved topic.

I don't afraid of anyone nomatter the boss or the teacher, I'm the master of my mind and my body.
Just express you intention tactful, let kids'meaning flow gently and correctly.

Kindness and evil just differ in one second.

一个人的一面之词是不可信的，读书读不懂的关键是字词句的意思和你的经历和所见所得对不上，钻牛角尖是没用的，你得先弄清楚是什么，才能接着读书。
这就是穷人读不懂书的最难的地方，没有人引导，也没有人给对应的视频图片来增长他们的见识。


There is nothing mysterious for any knowledge and discovery in this world.

People will imitate what they see and what they hear, like the previous version of me just imitate my mad dad's av watching, I swear to abandon it for my whole life.

There are three process in handling problems: 1. Physics 2.Computing and Info 3.The nature of creature/human(evolve 
into the organization and society as well as country)
Abstraction（ignore the unnecessary info, only keep the elements that influence) is very important.
